WHATSNEW.md, before:

Version: 1.0.5
==============

* Fixed: Crash when using `roles` in `user/create` migrations (Issue #4)


Version: 1.0.4
==============

* Fixed: the `--admin-login` option was broken for `migrate` commands


Version: 1.0.3
==============

This release is aligned with tanoconsulting/ezmigrationbundle2 rel. 1.0.4

* Fixed: migration definitions in stock locations would not be detected any more and had to be passed using an absolute
  path (bug introduced in rel. 1.0).
  NB: if you had executed migration `20220101000200_FixExecutedMigrationsPaths.php` in between version 1.0 and
  1.0.2, please check manually in the database migrations table to see if there are any migrations with a relative
  path which starts at the wrong directory (one level up from the project dir).

* Fixed: exception thrown at end of migration if the migration steps include sql executing transaction commits, such as
  f.e. creation of a table with databases such as mysql and oracle (PR #25)

* Fixed: correctly abort a migration when it leaves a database transaction pending (nb: this can be detected
  only for transactions started using Doctrine, not for transactions started using sql `begin` statements)

* Improved: reporting of errors happening before/during/after migration execution, esp. anything related to transactions

* Improved: when generating migrations, try harder to reset the repository to the originally connected user in case of
  exceptions being thrown

BC notes (for developer extending the bundle):

* `MigrationService::getFullExceptionMessage` gained a 2nd parameter: `$addLineNumber = false`
* `AfterMigrationExecutionException` produces a different error message when passed `0` for the `$step` parameter
* service `ez_migration_bundle.migration_service` requires an added `setConnection` call in its definition


Version: 1.0.2
==============

* Fixed fatal errors when running builtin migration `FixExecutedMigrationsPaths`


Version: 1.0.1
==============

* Fixed php warning in class `PHPExecutor` due to trait being used twice


Version: 1.0
============

This release is aligned with kaliop/ezmigrationbundle rel. 6.3.1 / tanoconsulting/ezmigrationbundle2 rel. 1.0.1

* New: migration step `migration_definition/include`. This allows one migration to basically include another, the same
  way it is possible to do that in php.

  It is useful for scenarios such as fe. creating a library of reusable migrations, which can be run multiple times with
  different target contents every time. This is often achieved by copy-pasting the same migration logic many times.
  As an alternative it is now possible to create a "library" migration, driven by references, and store it only once,
  in a separate folder, then create many "specific execution" migrations which set up values for the required references
  and include the library migration's definition.

  Please note that migrations which rely on external resources, such as in this case would be the included migration, go
  against the principle of migrations being immutable for ease of replay and analysis.

  Ex:

        -
            type: migration_definition
            mode: include
            file: a_path

* New: implemented all changes which were implemented in the kaliop/ezmigrationbundle version of this tool between
  releases 5.15.1 and 6.2.1. The list is too long to be copied verbatim here; it can be found online at
  https://github.com/kaliop-uk/ezmigrationbundle/blob/main/WHATSNEW.md

* Fixed: when generating contentType migrations, do export the `is-thumbnail` attribute for Content Type Fields, and
  the Content Type's `default_always_available`, `default_sort_order` and `default_sort_field`

* Fixed: php warning when generating `Role` migrations for roles with policy limitations

* Improved: when executing migrations with the `set-reference` cli option, the injected references will be saved in the
  migration status

* Improved: add to the test matrix running on GitHub Ibexa-OSS version 4.3

* BC change (for developers extending the bundle): method `MigrateCommand::executeMigrationInProcess` changed its signature

* BC change (for developers extending the bundle): `Migrationservice` methods `executeMigration`, `executeMigrationInner`
  and `resumeMigration` now have a different signature. `Migrationservice::migrationContextFromParameters` has been dropped


Version 1.0-alpha1
==================

Initial release - forked from tanoconsulting/ezmigrationbundle2 ver. 1.0 alpha 3, merging wizhippo/ibexa-migration-bundle

*Changes compared to tanoconsulting/ezmigrationbundle2 ver. 1.0 alpha 3:*

* Fixed: in rare circumstances (having two siteaccesses configured with the same repo and root node, but different languages),
  the TagMatcher could use the wrong language when matching by tag keyword

* BC change (for developers extending the bundle): class `TagMatcher` changed its constructor signature. the same applies
  to service `ez_migration_bundle.tag_matcher`

*Explanation of the 'aplha' tag:*

1. the codebase itself is fairly _stable_ and _complete_, as it is a fork of a project which had over 75 releases already
2. on the other hand, given that the underlying cms framework has evolved a lot, there might be bugs due to API changes
3. also, not all features of the underlying cms framework are fully supported

*BC with eZMigrationBundle:*

See [ezmigrationbundle_to_ezmigrationbundle2.md](Resources/doc/Upgrading/ezmigrationbundle_to_ezmigrationbundle2.md)
for all API changes if you are used to eZMigrationBundle 1.

Commit message:

#6 fix[content_type / update]: Option `remove_drafts: true` not woking  if draft belongs to another user than `admin`

WHATSNEW.md, after:

Version: 1.0.6
==============

* Fixed: Option `remove_drafts: true` not woking on content_type / update if draft belongs to another user than `admin`

Version: 1.0.5
==============

* Fixed: Crash when using `roles` in `user/create` migrations (Issue #4)


Version: 1.0.4
==============

* Fixed: the `--admin-login` option was broken for `migrate` commands


Version: 1.0.3
==============

This release is aligned with tanoconsulting/ezmigrationbundle2 rel. 1.0.4

* Fixed: migration definitions in stock locations would not be detected any more and had to be passed using an absolute
  path (bug introduced in rel. 1.0).
  NB: if you had executed migration `20220101000200_FixExecutedMigrationsPaths.php` in between version 1.0 and
  1.0.2, please check manually in the database migrations table to see if there are any migrations with a relative
  path which starts at the wrong directory (one level up from the project dir).

* Fixed: exception thrown at end of migration if the migration steps include sql executing transaction commits, such as
  f.e. creation of a table with databases such as mysql and oracle (PR #25)

* Fixed: correctly abort a migration when it leaves a database transaction pending (nb: this can be detected
  only for transactions started using Doctrine, not for transactions started using sql `begin` statements)

* Improved: reporting of errors happening before/during/after migration execution, esp. anything related to transactions

* Improved: when generating migrations, try harder to reset the repository to the originally connected user in case of
  exceptions being thrown

BC notes (for developer extending the bundle):

* `MigrationService::getFullExceptionMessage` gained a 2nd parameter: `$addLineNumber = false`
* `AfterMigrationExecutionException` produces a different error message when passed `0` for the `$step` parameter
* service `ez_migration_bundle.migration_service` requires an added `setConnection` call in its definition


Version: 1.0.2
==============

* Fixed fatal errors when running builtin migration `FixExecutedMigrationsPaths`


Version: 1.0.1
==============

* Fixed php warning in class `PHPExecutor` due to trait being used twice


Version: 1.0
============

This release is aligned with kaliop/ezmigrationbundle rel. 6.3.1 / tanoconsulting/ezmigrationbundle2 rel. 1.0.1

* New: migration step `migration_definition/include`. This allows one migration to basically include another, the same
  way it is possible to do that in php.

  It is useful for scenarios such as fe. creating a library of reusable migrations, which can be run multiple times with
  different target contents every time. This is often achieved by copy-pasting the same migration logic many times.
  As an alternative it is now possible to create a "library" migration, driven by references, and store it only once,
  in a separate folder, then create many "specific execution" migrations which set up values for the required references
  and include the library migration's definition.

  Please note that migrations which rely on external resources, such as in this case would be the included migration, go
  against the principle of migrations being immutable for ease of replay and analysis.

  Ex:

        -
            type: migration_definition
            mode: include
            file: a_path

* New: implemented all changes which were implemented in the kaliop/ezmigrationbundle version of this tool between
  releases 5.15.1 and 6.2.1. The list is too long to be copied verbatim here; it can be found online at
  https://github.com/kaliop-uk/ezmigrationbundle/blob/main/WHATSNEW.md

* Fixed: when generating contentType migrations, do export the `is-thumbnail` attribute for Content Type Fields, and
  the Content Type's `default_always_available`, `default_sort_order` and `default_sort_field`

* Fixed: php warning when generating `Role` migrations for roles with policy limitations

* Improved: when executing migrations with the `set-reference` cli option, the injected references will be saved in the
  migration status

* Improved: add to the test matrix running on GitHub Ibexa-OSS version 4.3

* BC change (for developers extending the bundle): method `MigrateCommand::executeMigrationInProcess` changed its signature

* BC change (for developers extending the bundle): `Migrationservice` methods `executeMigration`, `executeMigrationInner`
  and `resumeMigration` now have a different signature. `Migrationservice::migrationContextFromParameters` has been dropped


Version 1.0-alpha1
==================

Initial release - forked from tanoconsulting/ezmigrationbundle2 ver. 1.0 alpha 3, merging wizhippo/ibexa-migration-bundle

*Changes compared to tanoconsulting/ezmigrationbundle2 ver. 1.0 alpha 3:*

* Fixed: in rare circumstances (having two siteaccesses configured with the same repo and root node, but different languages),
  the TagMatcher could use the wrong language when matching by tag keyword

* BC change (for developers extending the bundle): class `TagMatcher` changed its constructor signature. the same applies
  to service `ez_migration_bundle.tag_matcher`

*Explanation of the 'aplha' tag:*

1. the codebase itself is fairly _stable_ and _complete_, as it is a fork of a project which had over 75 releases already
2. on the other hand, given that the underlying cms framework has evolved a lot, there might be bugs due to API changes
3. also, not all features of the underlying cms framework are fully supported

*BC with eZMigrationBundle:*

See [ezmigrationbundle_to_ezmigrationbundle2.md](Resources/doc/Upgrading/ezmigrationbundle_to_ezmigrationbundle2.md)
for all API changes if you are used to eZMigrationBundle 1.
